DOC-1559: Fill in the premium changes page (#2382)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.0-release-notes-premium-changes.adoc

| `toc_depth`                         | `tableofcontents_depth`          | Option                              | NB: _Table of Contents_ is now a https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[Premium plugin].

| `toc_header`                        | `tableofcontents_header`         | Option                              | NB: _Table of Contents_ is now a https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[Premium plugin].
|===

// tag::accompanying-premium-plugin-changes[]
[[accompanying-premium-plugin-changes]]
== Accompanying Premium Plugin changes

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.0.

=== Enhanced Image Editing (was ImageTools)

As noted in the xref:6.0-release-notes.adoc#removed-or-deprecated-plugins-imagetools[_{productname} 6.0 Release Notes_], the `imagetools` plugin is no longer included as part of the Free editor.

_ImageTools_ is now _Enhanced Image Editing_, a https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[Premium plugin].

> NOTE: Enhanced Image Editing is the plugin’s name; `editimage` is the string used to reference theh plugin programmatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Enhanced Image Editing is the plugin’s name; `editimage` is the string used to reference the plugin programmatically.
```

> NOTE: Enhanced Image Editing is the plugin’s name; `editimage` is the string used to reference theh plugin programmatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Enhanced Image Editing is the plugin’s name; `editimage` is the string used to reference the plugin programmatically.
```

> Along with these changes, the `editimage_proxy` option was been renamed to `export_image_proxy_service_url`. The option was renamed to make it easier to configure when using https://tiny.cloud/docs/enterprise/server/[Tiny services].

Reviewer 2: this is old content too

Reviewer 3: Same with the following line too

Finally, `editimage` also offers a new export plugin option: `export_image_proxy_service_url`.

Users of the Free version of {productname} 5.x who rely on the, now deprecated and removed, `imagetools` plugin, should not upgrade to {productname} 6.0 without a https://tiny.cloud/pricing/[subscription plan] that provides access to Premium plugins such as https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[_EditImage_].

NOTE: `editimage_proxy` (the renamed equivalent to the previous `imagetools_proxy`) is still available as an alternative configuration option for setting up image proxy functionality without using Tiny services.

> === SpellChecker Pro

Author: ```suggestion
=== Spell Checker Pro
```

> The free `spellchecker` plugin was removed as no longer supported:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The free `spellchecker` plugin was removed as no longer supported.
```
Maybe?? Not sure here

> The https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[Premium plugin], https://tiny.cloud/docs/plugins/premium/tinymcespellchecker/[Spellchecker Pro], which offers equivalent functionality and more, is available.

Author: ```suggestion
The https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[Premium plugin], xref:introduction-to-tiny-spellchecker.adoc[Spell Checker Pro], which offers equivalent functionality and more, is available.
```

=== PowerPaste

> As noted in the xref:6.0-release-notes.adoc#removed-or-deprecated-plugins-paste[_{productname} 6.0 Release Notes_], the `paste` plugin’s functionality is no longer provided as a plugin. It is now a core part of {productname} 6.0.

Author: This link is broken.
```suggestion
As noted in the xref:6.0-release-notes-core-changes.adoc#removed-or-deprecated-plugins-paste[_{productname} 6.0 Release Notes_], the `paste` plugin’s functionality is no longer provided as a plugin. It is now a core part of {productname} 6.0.
```

Because the functionality was unmaintainable, however, `paste` no longer supports input from Microsoft Word.

> The Premium plugin, https://tiny.cloud/docs/plugins/premium/powerpaste/[`PowerPaste`], is now available. It provides the capability to accept data from Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel, and clean-up the received data before pasting it into place.

Reviewer 3: I do kind of like having this here, since it's pointing people to PowerPaste. I think it either needs a subheading to explain that it's about core paste though, or remove it (and maybe we can figure it out later)?

Reviewer 2: I'd like to reword it a bit - that makes it sound like powerpaste is new. It's not, that is just the recommendation to use now that `paste` deleted word support.

> The Premium plugin, https://tiny.cloud/docs/plugins/premium/powerpaste/[`PowerPaste`], is now available. It provides the capability to accept data from Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel, and clean-up the received data before pasting it into place.

Author: ```suggestion
The Premium plugin, xref:introduction-to-powerpaste.adoc[`PowerPaste`], is now available. It provides the capability to accept data from Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel, and clean-up the received data before pasting it into place.
```

In conjunction with this, three changes were made to `paste`:

. A `paste` default has changed. The `paste_data_images` option now defaults to `true`.
+
When `paste` was a plugin, this option was, by default, set to `false`, which prevented images being pasted from the local machine.
+

> . The `mceInsertClipboardContent` argument, `content`, has been renamed. It is now `html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The `content` property of `mceInsertClipboardContent` command has been renamed to `html`.
```

> In conjunction with this, three changes were made to `paste`:
> 
> . A `paste` default has changed. The `paste_data_images` option now defaults to `true`.
> +
> When `paste` was a plugin, this option was, by default, set to `false`, which prevented images being pasted from the local machine.
> +
> . The `mceInsertClipboardContent` argument, `content`, has been renamed. It is now `html`.
> +
> The new name is a more accurate reflection of what sort of data the argument passes.
> +
> The `content` argument can no longer be used with `mceInsertClipboardContent`. If `content` is used, no data is passed. `mceInsertClipboardContent` only attempts to pass data if the `html` or `text` property is used.
> +
> . The, now built-in, `paste` functionality no longer supports pasting from Microsoft Word.
> +
> NOTE: There is an open https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce/discussions/7487[request for maintainers] should someone in the community be interested in taking over maintainance of this particular functionality as a separate plugin. +
> If a community-maintained version of the `paste` plugin becomes available, we will link to it from the xref:migration-from-5x.adoc#plugins-paste[_Migration Guide_].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
I don't think this section makes sense here - this is purely core functionality

Reviewer 3: Although I can't 100% remember what changed where with the mceInsertClipboardContent command

Reviewer 2: As long as it's listed _somewhere_, that's ok.

Reviewer 2: Brian made an argument to keep it - we can discuss later

=== Table of Contents

> As noted in the xref:6.0-release-notes.adoc#new-and-improved-plugins-table-of-contents[_{productname} 6.0 Release Notes_], the `toc` plugin is no longer part of the Free editor.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As noted in the xref:6.0-release-notes.adoc#new-and-improved-plugins-table-of-contents[_{productname} 6.0 Release Notes_], the `toc` plugin is no longer part of the Core editor.
```
Perhaps Core is more suitable in this line, and maybe some others on this page?

Author: Also this link is broken.
```suggestion
As noted in the xref:6.0-release-notes-core-changes.adoc#new-and-improved-plugins-table-of-contents[_{productname} 6.0 Release Notes_], the `toc` plugin is no longer part of the Core editor.
```

Reviewer 2: If we're changing Free to Core there are 4 references to this in the migration guide.

Table of Contents has been updated and is now a https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[Premium plugin].

Users of the Free version of {productname} 5.x who rely on the, now deprecated and removed, `toc` plugin, should not upgrade to {productname} 6.0 without a https://tiny.cloud/pricing/[subscription plan] that provides access to Premium plugins such as https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[_Table of Contents_].

The new Premium `tableofcontents` plugin also changes the names of several commands.

> * `toc` is now `tableofcontents`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I did this on the migration guide too

Author: Actually, this whole section has varying amounts of incorrect information. For starters, none of these are commands. The first 2 are menu items or toolbar buttons and the last 3 are options.

Reviewer 2: They are listed correctly at the top of this file, so perhaps we simply delete them from here.

* `tocupdate` is now `tableofcontentsupdate`
* `toc_class` is now `tableofcontents_class`
* `toc_depth` is now `tableofcontents_depth`
* `toc_header` is now `tableofcontents_header`

Any configurations or logic that use the old command names must be updated to the new names after upgrading to {productname} 6.0 and installing the new `tableofcontents` plugin.

> NOTE: Although there are no end-user facing changes, as part of the general architectural change, the `tableofcontents` Premium plugin has modernised its output. It uses the ES2020 library and targets ES2018. It also uses https://terser.org[terser] to improve performance.

Reviewer: @lnewson, just want to double check that this is correct `It uses the ES2020 library and targets ES2018`

Author: No it's not, a lot of this needs resyncing with the changes made in our other PRs.

== Accompanying Premium Plugin changes

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.0.

=== Enhanced Image Editing (was Image Tools)

As noted in the xref:6.0-release-notes-core-changes.adoc#removed-or-deprecated-plugins-imagetools[_{productname} 6.0 Release Notes_], the `imagetools` plugin is no longer included as part of the Free editor.

_Image Tools_ is now _Enhanced Image Editing_, a https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[Premium plugin].

The `imagetools_proxy` option has been renamed to `editimage_proxy`. However, when setting up xref:introduction-to-premium-selfhosted-services.adoc[Tiny services] the recommended configuration is now `editimage_proxy_service_url` and will be used in favour of `editimage_proxy` if both are set.

Users of the Free version of {productname} 5.x who rely on the removed `imagetools` plugin should not upgrade to {productname} 6.0 without a https://tiny.cloud/pricing/[subscription plan] that provides access to https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[_Enhanced Image Editing_].

=== Spell Checker Pro

The free `spellchecker` plugin was removed as no longer supported.

> The https://tiny.cloud/tinymce/features/#productivity[Premium plugin], xref:introduction-to-tiny-spellchecker.adoc[Spell Checker Pro], which offers equivalent functionality and more, is available.

Author: This is more talking about the old open source spellchecker which is a little confusing but we can fix that later.
